docs: Add AWS Cognito integration demo docs (#1037)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/tutorials/pages/authentication/aws-cognito/index.adoc

include::ROOT:partial$attributes.adoc[]

[#tutorial-auth-aws-cognito]
= Tutorial: Using Cerbos with AWS Cognito

An example application of integrating https://cerbos.dev[Cerbos] with a https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/[FastAPI] server using https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/[AWS Cognito] for authentication.

image:aws-cognito-video.png[role="center-img", link="https://cerbos.dev/video/using-cerbos-with-aws-cognito"]

https://cerbos.dev/video/using-cerbos-with-aws-cognito[Demo Video]

== Dependencies

* Python 3.10

> * Docker for running the https://docs.cerbos.dev/cerbos/0.6.0/installation/container.html[Cerbos Policy Decision Point (PDP)]

Reviewer: Sorry, just noticed this:

```suggestion
* Docker for running the https://docs.cerbos.dev/cerbos/latest/installation/container.html[Cerbos Policy Decision Point (PDP)]
```
